i want to build a teacher schedule app

the app will have the following features:
first it should have a pc web app and mobile app
you could login to the app as an admin or one of the teachers
as an admin you could add teachers and classes and assign them to the teachers
as a teacher you could see your schedule and add classes to it.
the app should have a database to store the schedule and the users.
the app should have a calendar view to see the schedule.

the admin user should be able to see all teachers schedule
there should be a tab where the admin can edit a teachers page.
that is you can edit information about the teachers 
    first name
    last name
    email
    phone number
    Schedule - classes
    login credentials
in the teachers page you will see the schedual in the calendar view and you can edit it.
the admin user should be able to see all teachers schedule
you will also have a live report of absences and substitution the teacher made for other teachers

in the calendar view you will see the schedule of the teacher color coded
    white - regilar schedual classes
    green - free time
    red - missing regular classes
    yellow - substitute classes

    there will also be a monthly report of absences and substitution the teacher made for other teachers

    if a teacher is absent , the admin can click the class and he will get a list of free teachers to substitute for the class
    the assignd teacher will get notification that he has a substitute class and he can accept or reject it.
    if rejected the admin will get a new list of teachers to substitute for the class

    the admin will have a tab with a list of additional substitut teachers how are not regular teachers in the school.
    he can always add new teachers to the list and remove them.
    these teachers will be able to substitute for any teacher in the school unless already assigned to a class at the specific time

    the admin will have a report tab to see a monthly report of absences and substitution the teacher made for other teachers for the full list of teachers

    i think that is all the features i need for now, do you have any more suggestions? or do you need any clarification?